see one of these bad boys before no I
don't think I have totally now this is a
good substitute for cod Cod's over
fished right and it's you know I mean
it's in a bad way and if people start
using this and it's got 25% more
nutrients than a blueberry and it's used
a lot in West Indian Caribbean cooking
it's going to go straight through and
leave the bone in gonna go straight
through it everything sit and this is
what it's different to sort of find on
any sort of food so I'm just gonna take
your fins and off alright now I'm gonna
lose this bit because it's not so pretty
and you know you can use it for fish -
or so you have to write it in better
yeah it's fantastic really good better
fish so I'm gonna leave it to you to
knock them out yeah and then I'm gonna
knock up the old seasoning for it
alright all you got to do is mix
together some dry thyme or oregano some
Jamaican all-purpose seasoning plus salt
and a few black peppercorns give them a
good old pounding in a pestle more lay
out your fish cakes
coat them with the seasoning then heat a
good amount of vegetable oil in a deep
pan to fry the fish right here we go on
there that's quite hot now lovely and
then throw about three at a time if it's
this big because otherwise that heat
will go down you're probably looking at
about six minutes turn over number six
minutes yep all right I'm gonna knock up
some peppers acquits escovitch and
basically it's just sort of raw
vegetables red and really hot pan
roughly chop these chilies and these
aren't super hot chilies not really it's
not like a scotch bonnet you do
traditionally fish there's a subtle
piece of meat so you don't know
overpower the too much show me chili in
vinegar mix a bit of every day seasoning
just a little touch and then blows a
black
but I think that's about that meal son
so you get a little bit on the bottom
probably a man that loved it on top
leave some light and healthy as well
ain't and it smells absolutely pow
really really good yeah and they serve
it warm but you would get it
traditionally like that in foil
lunchtime they go that line happening
you